someone who loves her so much.
And I'll look out for her by her side
until she becomes an old lady,
so don't worry about a thing, Mom.
I'm just three years younger than you.
Dad.
Yes?
Yeong-ro…
Keep her safe.
Of course, I will.
But you should get better
and do it yourself.
You should do that.
Yeong-u?
Don't fall asleep. Talk to me.
Cardiac arrest!
What's that sound?
-Move aside!
-Move aside, sir.
Do something!
Yeong-u! Don't fall asleep.
Don't fall asleep!
Yeong-u, wake up!
Wake him up!
Come on, do something!
Yeong-u, wake up!
Wake him up!
Don't fall asleep! Yeong-u!
SECURITY CHECKPOINT, RESTRICTED
This is the Rhine.
VIP, answer me.
During the engagement
on the West Sea around 22:00 last night,
Eun Yeong-u, the son of the ANSP director,
was injured and passed away.
It has been known that the person KIA
was corporate Kim Seong-hun,
but it turned out
that it was marine Eun Yeong-u,
the ANSP director's son, that died.
What's more shocking is that Lim Soo-ho,
the leader of the spies
who killed Eun Yeong-u,
is holding the students hostage
in Hosu University dorm as we speak.